[IMP] pos: terminology alignment pos interface, register (#15888)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/france.rst

.. note::
   - Closings compute the totals for journal entries of sales journals (Journal Type = Sales).
   - For multi-companies environments, such closings are performed by company.
   - POS orders are posted as journal entries at the closing of the POS register. Closing the POS

>      register can be done anytime. To prompt users to do it daily, the module prevents them from

Reviewer: I know you didn't write this but:

```suggestion
     register can be done at any time. To prompt users to do it daily, the module prevents them from
```
